---
date: '2018-04-01'
title: Style and Layout test
---

This page is here to test the styles and elements to make sure they look
correct.

# Murder in the Gunroom

TO _Colonel Henry W. Shoemaker_ an old and valued friend, who was promised
this dedication, with an entirely different novel in mind, twenty-two years
ago.

## PREFACE

_The Lane Fleming collection of early pistols and revolvers was one of the
best in the country. When Fleming was found dead on the floor of his locked
gunroom, a Confederate-made Colt-type percussion .36 revolver in his hand, the
coroner's verdict was "death by accident." But Gladys Fleming had her doubts.
Enough at any rate to engage Colonel Jefferson Davis Rand--better known just
as Jeff--private detective and a pistol-collector himself, to catalogue,
appraise, and negotiate the sale of her late husband's collection._

_There were a number of people who had wanted the collection. The question
was: had anyone wanted it badly enough to kill Fleming? And if so, how had he
done it? Here is a mystery, told against the fascinating background of old
guns and gun-collecting, which is rapid-fire without being hysterical,
exciting without losing its contact with reason, and which introduces a
personable and intelligent new private detective. It is a story that will keep
your nerves on a hair trigger even if you don't know the difference between a
cased pair of Paterson .34's and a Texas .40 with a ramming-lever._

## CHAPTER 1

It was hard to judge Jeff Rand's age from his appearance; he was certainly
over thirty and considerably under fifty. He looked hard and fit, like a man
who could be a serviceable friend or a particularly unpleasant enemy. Women
instinctively suspected that he would make a most satisfying lover. One might
have taken him for a successful lawyer (he had studied law, years ago), or a
military officer in mufti (he still had a Reserve colonelcy, and used the
title occasionally, to impress people who he thought needed impressing), or a
prosperous businessman, as he usually thought of himself. Most of all, he
looked like King Charles II of England anachronistically clad in a Brooks
Brothers suit.

At the moment, he was looking rather like King Charles II being bothered by
one of his mistresses who wanted a peerage for her husband.

"But, Mrs. Fleming," he was expostulating. "There surely must be somebody
else.... After all, you'll have to admit that this isn't the sort of work this
agency handles."

The would-be client released a series of smoke-rings and watched them float up
toward the air-outlet at the office ceiling. It spoke well for Rand's ability
to subordinate esthetic to business considerations that he was trying to give
her a courteous and humane brush-off. She made even the Petty and Varga girls
seem credible. Her color-scheme was blue and gold; blue eyes, and a blue
tailored outfit that would have looked severe on a less curvate figure, and a
charmingly absurd little blue hat perched on a mass of golden hair. If Rand
had been Charles II, she could have walked out of there with a duchess's
coronet, and Nell Gwyn would have been back selling oranges.

"Why isn't it?" she countered. "Your door's marked _Tri-State Detective
Agency, Jefferson Davis Rand, Investigation and Protection_. Well, I want to
know how much the collection's worth, and who'll pay the closest to it. That's
investigation, isn't it? And I want protection from being swindled. And don't
tell me you can't do it. You're a pistol-collector, yourself; you have one of
the best small collections in the state. And you're a recognized authority on
early pistols; I've read some of your articles in the _Rifleman_. If you can't
handle this, I don't know who can."

Rand's frown deepened. He wondered how much Gladys Fleming knew about the
principles of General Semantics. Even if she didn't know anything, she was
still edging him into an untenable position. He hastily shifted from the
attempt to identify his business with the label, "private detective agency."

"Well, here, Mrs. Fleming," he explained. "My business, including armed-guard
and protected-delivery service, and general investigation and protection work,
requires some personal supervision, but none of it demands my exclusive
attention. Now, if you wanted some routine investigation made, I could turn it
over to my staff, maybe put two or three men to work on it. But there's
nothing about this business of yours that I could delegate to anybody; I'd
have to do it all myself, at the expense of neglecting the rest of my
business. Now, I could do what you want done, but it would cost you three or
four times what you'd gain by retaining me."

"Well, let me decide that, Colonel," she replied. "How much would you have to
have?"

"Well, this collection of your late husband's consists of some twenty-five
hundred pistols and revolvers, all types and periods," Rand said. "You want me
to catalogue it, appraise each item, issue lists, and negotiate with
prospective buyers. The cataloguing and appraisal alone would take from a week
to ten days, and it would be a couple more weeks until a satisfactory sale
could be arranged. Why, say five thousand dollars; a thousand as a retainer
and the rest on completion."

That, he thought, would settle that. He was expecting an indignant outcry, and
hardened his heart, like Pharaoh. Instead, Gladys Fleming nodded equably.

"That seems reasonable enough, Colonel Rand, considering that you'd have to be
staying with us at Rosemont, away from your office," she agreed. "I'll give
you a check for the thousand now, with a letter of authorization."

Rand nodded in return. Being thoroughly conscious of the fact that he could
only know a thin film of the events on the surface of any situation, he was
not easily surprised.

"Very well," he said. "You've hired an arms-expert. I'll be in Rosemont some
time tomorrow afternoon. Now, who are these prospective purchasers you
mentioned, and just how prospective, in terms of United States currency, are
they?"

"Well, for one, there's Arnold Rivers; he's offering ten thousand for the
collection. I suppose you know of him; he has an antique-arms business at
Rosemont."

"I've done some business with him," Rand admitted. "Who else?"

"There's a commission-dealer named Carl Gwinnett, who wants to handle the
collection for us, for twenty per cent. I'm told that that isn't an unusually
exorbitant commission, but I'm not exactly crazy about the idea."

"You shouldn't be, if you want your money in a hurry," Rand told her. "He'd
take at least five years to get everything sold. He wouldn't dump the whole
collection on the market at once, upset prices, and spoil his future business.
You know, two thousand five hundred pistols of the sort Mr. Fleming had,
coming on the market in a lot, could do just that. The old-arms market isn't
so large that it couldn't be easily saturated."

"That's what I'd been thinking.... And then, there are some private
collectors, mostly friends of Lane's--Mr. Fleming's--who are talking about
forming a pool to buy the collection for distribution among themselves," she
continued.

"That's more like it," Rand approved. "If they can raise enough money among
them, that is. They won't want the stuff for resale, and they may pay
something resembling a decent price. Who are they?"

"Well, Stephen Gresham appears to be the leading spirit," she said. "The
corporation lawyer, you know. Then, there is a Mr. Trehearne, and a Mr.
MacBride, and Philip Cabot, and one or two others."

"I know Gresham and Cabot," Rand said. "They're both friends of mine, and I
have an account with Cabot, Joyner & Teale, Cabot's brokerage firm. I've
corresponded with MacBride; he specializes in Colts.... You're the sole owner,
I take it?"

"Well, no." She paused, picking her words carefully. "We may just run into a
little trouble, there. You see, the collection is part of the residue of the
estate, left equally to myself and my two stepdaughters, Nelda Dunmore and
Geraldine Varcek. You understand, Mr. Fleming and I were married in 1941; his
first wife died fifteen years before."

"Well, your stepdaughters, now; would they also be my clients?"

"Good Lord, no!" That amused her considerably more than it did Rand. "Of
course," she continued, "they're just as interested in selling the collection
for the best possible price, but beyond that, there may be a slight divergence
of opinion. For instance, Nelda's husband, Fred Dunmore, has been insisting
that we let him handle the sale of the pistols, on the grounds that he is
something he calls a businessman. Nelda supports him in this. It was Fred who
got this ten-thousand-dollar offer from Rivers. Personally, I think Rivers is
playing him for a sucker. Outside his own line, Fred is an awful innocent, and
I've never trusted this man Rivers. Lane had some trouble with him, just
before ..."

"Arnold Rivers," Rand said, when it was evident that she was not going to
continue, "has the reputation, among collectors, of being the biggest crook in
the old-gun racket, a reputation he seems determined to live up--or down--to.
But here; if your stepdaughters are co-owners, what's my status? What
authority, if any, have I to do any negotiating?"

Gladys Fleming laughed musically. "That, my dear Colonel, is where you earn
your fee," she told him. "Actually, it won't be as hard as it looks. If Nelda
gives you any argument, you can count on Geraldine to take your side as a
matter of principle; if Geraldine objects first, Nelda will help you
steam-roll her into line. Fred Dunmore is accustomed to dealing with a lot of
yes-men at the plant; you shouldn't have any trouble shouting him down. Anton
Varcek won't be interested, one way or another; he has what amounts to a
pathological phobia about firearms of any sort. And Humphrey Goode, our
attorney, who's executor of the estate, will welcome you with open arms, once
he finds out what you want to do. That collection has him talking to himself,
already. Look; if you come out to our happy home in the early afternoon,
before Fred and Anton get back from the plant, we ought to ram through some
sort of agreement with Geraldine and Nelda."

"You and whoever else sides with me will be a majority," Rand considered. "Of
course, the other one may pull a Gromyko on us, but ... I think I'll talk to
Goode, first."

"Yes. That would be smart," Gladys Fleming agreed. "After all, he's
responsible for selling the collection." She crossed to the desk and sat down
in Rand's chair while she wrote out the check and a short letter of
authorization, then she returned to her own seat.

"There's another thing," she continued, lighting a fresh cigarette. "Because
of the manner of Mr. Fleming's death, the girls have a horror of the
collection almost--but not quite--as strong as their desire to get the best
possible price for it."

"Yes. I'd heard that Mr. Fleming had been killed in a firearms accident, last
November," Rand mentioned.

"It was with one of his collection-pieces," the widow replied. "One he'd
bought just that day; a Confederate-made Colt-type percussion .36 revolver.
He'd brought it home with him, simply delighted with it, and started cleaning
it at once. He could hardly wait until dinner was over to get back to work on
it.

"We'd finished dinner about seven, or a little after. At about half-past,
Nelda went out somewhere in the coupé. Anton had gone up to his laboratory, in
the attic--he's one of these fortunates whose work is also his hobby; he's a
biochemist and dietitian--and Lane was in the gunroom, on the second floor,
working on his new revolver. Fred Dunmore was having a bath, and Geraldine and
I had taken our coffee into the east parlor. Geraldine put on the radio, and
we were listening to it.

"It must have been about 7:47 or 7:48, because the program had changed and the
first commercial was just over, when we heard a loud noise from somewhere
upstairs. Neither of us thought of a shot; my own first idea was of a door
slamming. Then, about five minutes later, we heard Anton, in the upstairs
hall, pounding on a door, and shouting: 'Lane! Lane! Are you all right?' We
ran up the front stairway, and found Anton, in his rubber lab-apron, and Fred,
in a bathrobe, and barefooted, standing outside the gunroom door. The door was
locked, and that in itself was unusual; there's a Yale lock on it, but nobody
ever used it.

"For a minute or so, we just stood there. Anton was explaining that he had
heard a shot and that nobody in the gunroom answered. Geraldine told him,
rather impatiently, to go down to the library and up the spiral. You see," she
explained, "the library is directly under the gunroom, and there's a spiral
stairway connecting the two rooms. So Anton went downstairs and we stood
waiting in the hall. Fred was shivering in his bathrobe; he said he'd just
jumped out of the bathtub, and he had nothing on under it. After a while,
Anton opened the gunroom door from the inside, and stood in the doorway,
blocking it. He said: 'You'd better not come in. There's been an accident, but
it's too late to do anything. Lane's shot himself with one of those damned
pistols; I always knew something like this would happen.'

"Well, I simply elbowed him out of the way and went in, and the others
followed me. By this time, the uproar had penetrated to the rear of the house,
and the servants--Walters, the butler, and Mrs. Horder, the cook--had joined
us. We found Lane inside, lying on the floor, shot through the forehead. Of
course, he was dead. He'd been sitting on one of these old cobblers' benches
of the sort that used to be all the thing for cocktail-tables; he had his
tools and polish and oil and rags on it. He'd fallen off it to one side and
was lying beside it. He had a revolver in his right hand, and an oily rag in
his left."

"Was it the revolver he'd brought home with him?" Rand asked.

"I don't know," she replied. "He showed me this Confederate revolver when he
came home, but it was dirty and dusty, and I didn't touch it. And I didn't
look closely at the one he had in his hand when he was ... on the floor. It
was about the same size and design; that's all I could swear to." She
continued: "We had something of an argument about what to do. Walters, the
butler, offered to call the police. He's English, and his mind seems to run
naturally to due process of law. Fred and Anton both howled that proposal
down; they wanted no part of the police. At the same time, Geraldine was going
into hysterics, and I was trying to get her quieted down. I took her to her
room and gave her a couple of sleeping-pills, and then went back to the
gunroom. While I was gone, it seems that Anton had called our family doctor,
Dr. Yardman, and then Fred called Humphrey Goode, our lawyer. Goode lives next
door to us, about two hundred yards away, so he arrived almost at once. When
the doctor came, he called the coroner, and when he arrived, about an hour
later, they all went into a huddle and decided that it was an obvious accident
and that no inquest would be necessary. Then somebody, I'm not sure who,
called an undertaker. It was past eleven when he arrived, and for once, Nelda
got home early. She was just coming in while they were carrying Lane out in a
basket. You can imagine how horrible that was for her; it was days before she
was over the shock. So she'll be just as glad as anybody to see the last of
the pistol-collection."

Through the recital, Rand had sat silently, toying with the ivory-handled
Italian Fascist dagger-of-honor that was doing duty as a letter-opener on his
desk. Gladys Fleming wasn't, he was sure, indulging in any masochistic
self-harrowing; neither, he thought, was she talking to relieve her mind. Once
or twice there had been a small catch in her voice, but otherwise the
narration had been a piece of straight reporting, neither callous nor
emotional. Good reporting, too; carefully detailed. There had been one or two
inclusions of inferential matter in the guise of description, but that was to
be looked for and discounted. And she had remembered, at the end, to include
her ostensible reason for telling the story.

"Yes, it must have been dreadful," he sympathized. "Odd, though, that an old
hand with guns like Mr. Fleming would have an accident like that. I met him,
once or twice, and was at your home to see his collection, a couple of years
ago. He impressed me as knowing firearms pretty thoroughly.... Well, you can
look for me tomorrow, say around two. In the meantime, I'll see Goode, and
also Gresham and Arnold Rivers."

## CHAPTER 2

After ushering his client out the hall door and closing it behind her, Rand
turned and said:

"All right, Kathie, or Dave; whoever's out there. Come on in."

Then he went to his desk and reached under it, snapping off a switch. As he
straightened, the door from the reception-office opened and his secretary,
Kathie O'Grady, entered, loading a cigarette into an eight-inch amber holder.
She was a handsome woman, built on the generous lines of a Renaissance
goddess; none of the Renaissance masters, however, had ever employed a model
so strikingly Hibernian. She had blue eyes, and a fair, highly-colored
complexion; she wore green, which went well with her flaming red hair, and a
good deal of gold costume-jewelry.

Behind her came Dave Ritter. He was Rand's assistant, and also Kathie's lover.
He was five or six years older than his employer, and slightly built. His
hair, fighting a stubborn rearguard action against baldness, was an
indeterminate mousy gray-brown. It was one of his professional assets that
nobody ever noticed him, not even in a crowd of one; when he wanted it to, his
thin face could assume the weary, baffled expression of a middle-aged
book-keeper with a wife and four children on fifty dollars a week. Actually,
he drew three times that much, had no wife, admitted to no children. During
the war, he and Kathie had kept the Tri-State Agency in something better than
a state of suspended animation while Rand had been in the Army.

Ritter fumbled a Camel out of his shirt pocket and made a beeline for the
desk, appropriating Rand's lighter and sharing the flame with Kathie.

"You know, Jeff," he said, "one of the reasons why this agency never made any
money while you were away was that I never had the unadulterated insolence to
ask the kind of fees you do. I was listening in on the extension in the
file-room; I could hear Kathie damn near faint when you said five grand."

"Yes; five thousand dollars for appraising a collection they've been offered
ten for, and she only has a third-interest," Kathie said, retracting herself
into the chair lately vacated by Gladys Fleming. "If that makes sense, now
..."

"Ah, don't you get it, Kathleen Mavourneen?" Ritter asked. "She doesn't care
about the pistols; she wants Jeff to find out who fixed up that accident for
Fleming. You heard that big, long shaggy-dog story about exactly what happened
and where everybody was supposed to have been at the time. I hope you got all
that recorded; it was all told for a purpose."

Rand had picked up the outside phone and was dialing. In a moment, a girl's
voice answered.

"Carter Tipton's law-office; good afternoon."

"Hello, Rheba; is Tip available?"

"Oh, hello, Jeff. Just a sec; I'll see." She buzzed another phone. "Jeff Rand
on the line," she announced.

A clear, slightly Harvard-accented male voice took over.

"Hello, Jeff. Now what sort of malfeasance have you committed?"

"Nothing, so far--cross my fingers," Rand replied. "I just want a little
information. Are you busy?... Okay, I'll be up directly."

He replaced the phone and turned to his disciples.

"Our client," he said, "wants two jobs done on one fee. Getting the
pistol-collection sold is one job. Exploring the whys and wherefores of that
quote accident unquote is the other. She has a hunch, and probably nothing
much better, that there's something sour about the accident. She expects me to
find evidence to that effect while I'm at Rosemont, going over the collection.
I'm not excluding other possibilities, but I'll work on that line until and
unless I find out differently. Five thousand should cover both jobs."

"You think that's how it is?" Kathie asked.

"Look, Kathie. I got just as far in Arithmetic, at school, as you did, and I
suspect that Mrs. Fleming got at least as far as long division, herself. For
reasons I stated, I simply couldn't have handled that collection business for
anything like a reasonable fee, so I told her five thousand, thinking that
would stop her. When it didn't, I knew she had something else in mind, and
when she went into all that detail about the death of her husband, she as good
as told me that was what it was. Now I'm sorry I didn't say ten thousand; I
think she'd have bought it at that price just as cheerfully. She thinks Lane
Fleming was murdered. Well, on the face of what she told me, so do I."

"All right, Professor; expound," Ritter said.

"You heard what he was supposed to have shot himself with," Rand began. "A
Colt-type percussion revolver. You know what they're like. And I know enough
about Lane Fleming to know how much experience he had with old arms. I can't
believe that he'd buy a pistol without carefully examining it, and I can't
believe that he'd bring that thing home and start working on it without seeing
the caps on the nipples and the charges in the chambers, if it had been
loaded. And if it had been, he would have first taken off the caps, and then
taken it apart and drawn the charges. And she says he started working on it as
soon as he got home--presumably around five--and then took time out for
dinner, and then went back to work on it, and more than half an hour later,
there was a shot and he was killed." Rand blew a Bronx cheer. "If that
accident had been the McCoy, it would have happened in the first five minutes
after he started working on that pistol. No, in the first thirty seconds. And
then, when they found him, he had the revolver in his right hand, and an oily
rag in his left. I hope both of you noticed that little touch."

"Yeah. When I clean a gat, I generally have it in my left hand, and clean with
my right," Ritter said.

"Exactly. And why do you use an oily rag?" Rand inquired.

Ritter looked at him blankly for a half-second, then grinned ruefully.

"Damn, I never thought of that," he admitted. "Okay, he was bumped off, all
right."

"But you use oily rags on guns," Kathie objected. "I've seen both of you,
often enough."

"When we're all through, honey," Ritter told her.

"Yes. When he brought home that revolver, it was in neglected condition," Rand
said. "Either surface-rusted, or filthy with gummed oil and dirt. Even if Mrs.
Fleming hadn't mentioned that point, the length of time he spent cleaning it
would justify such an inference. He would have taken it apart, down to the
smallest screw, and cleaned everything carefully, and then put it together
again, and then, when he had finished, he would have gone over the surface
with an oiled rag, before hanging it on the wall. He would certainly not have
surface-oiled it before removing the charges, if there ever were any. I assume
the revolver he was found holding, presumably the one with which he was
killed, was another one. And I would further assume that the killer wasn't
particularly familiar with the subject of firearms, antique, care and
maintenance of."

"And with all the hollering and whooping and hysterics-throwing, nobody
noticed the switch," Ritter finished. "Wonder what happened to the one he was
really cleaning."

"That I may possibly find out," Rand said. "The general incompetence with
which this murder was committed gives me plenty of room to hope that it may
still be lying around somewhere."

"Well, have you thought that it might just be suicide?" Kathie asked.

"I have, very briefly; I dismissed the thought, almost at once," Rand told
her. "For two reasons. One, that if it had been suicide, Mrs. Fleming wouldn't
want it poked into; she'd be more than willing to let it ride as an accident.
And, two, I doubt if a man who prided himself on his gun-knowledge, as Fleming
did, would want his self-shooting to be taken for an accident. I'm damn sure I
wouldn't want my friends to go around saying: 'What a dope; didn't know it was
loaded!' I doubt if he'd even expect people to believe that it had been an
accident." He shook his head. "No, the only inference I can draw is that
somebody murdered Fleming, and then faked evidence intended to indicate an
accident." He rose. "I'll be back, in a little; think it over, while I'm
gone."

---

Carter Tipton had his law-office on the floor above the Tri-State Detective
Agency. He handled all Rand's not infrequent legal involvements, and Rand did
all his investigating and witness-chasing; annually, they compared books to
see who owed whom how much. Tipton was about five years Rand's junior, and had
been in the Navy during the war. He was frequently described as New Belfast's
leading younger attorney and most eligible bachelor. His dark, conservatively
cut clothes fitted him as though they had been sprayed on, he wore gold-rimmed
glasses, and he was so freshly barbered, manicured, valeted and scrubbed as to
give the impression that he had been born in cellophane and just unwrapped. He
leaned back in his chair and waved his visitor to a seat.

"Tip, do you know anything about this Fleming family, out at Rosemont?" Rand
began, getting out his pipe and tobacco.

"The Premix-Foods Flemings?" Tipton asked. "Yes, a little. Which one of them
wants you to frame what on which other one?"

"That'll do for a good, simplified description, to start with," Rand
commented. "Why, my client is Mrs. Gladys Fleming. As to what she wants...."

He told the young lawyer about his recent interview and subsequent
conclusions.

"So you see," he finished, "she won't commit herself, even with me. Maybe she
thinks I have more official status, and more obligations to the police, than I
have. Maybe she isn't sure in her own mind, and wants me to see,
independently, if there's any smell of something dead in the woodpile. Or, she
may think that having a private detective called in may throw a scare into
somebody. Or maybe she thinks somebody may be fixing up an accident for her,
next, and she wants a pistol-totin' gent in the house for a while. Or any
combination thereof. Personally, I deplore these clients who hire you to do
one thing and expect you to do another, but with five grand for sweetening, I
can take them."

"Yes. You know, I've heard rumors of suicide, but this is the first whiff of
murder I've caught." He hesitated slightly. "I must say, I'm not greatly
surprised. Lane Fleming's death was very convenient to a number of people. You
know about this Premix Company, don't you?"

"Vaguely. They manufacture ready-mixed pancake flour, and ready-mixed
ice-cream and pudding powders, and this dehydrated vegetable soup--pour on hot
water, stir, and serve--don't they? My colored boy, Buck, got some of the
soup, once, for an experiment. We unanimously voted not to try it again."

"They put out quite a line of such godsends to the neophyte in the kitchen,
the popularity of which is reflected in a steadily rising divorce-rate,"
Tipton said. "They advertise very extensively, including half an hour of
tear-jerking drama on a national hookup during soap-opera time. Your client,
the former Gladys Farrand, was on the air for Premix for a couple of years;
that's how Lane Fleming first met her."

"So you think some irate and dyspeptic husband went to the source of his
woes?" Rand inquired.

"Well, not exactly. You see, Premix is only Little Business, as the foods
industry goes, but they have something very sweet. So sweet, in fact, that one
of the really big fellows, National Milling & Packaging, has been going to
rather extreme lengths to effect a merger. Mill-Pack, par 100, is quoted at
around 145, and Premix, par 50, is at 75 now, and Mill-Pack is offering a
two-for-one-share exchange, which would be a little less than four-for-one in
value. I might add, for what it's worth, that this Stephen Gresham you
mentioned is Mill-Pack's attorney, negotiator, and general Mr. Fixit; he has
been trying to put over this merger for Mill-Pack."

"I'll bear that in mind, too," Rand said.

"Naturally, all this is not being shouted from the housetops," Tipton
continued. "Fact is, it's a minor infraction of ethics for me to mention it to
you."

"I'll file it in the burn-box," Rand promised. "What was the matter; didn't
Premix want to merge?"

"Lane Fleming didn't. And since he held fifty-two per cent of the common stock
himself, try and do anything about it."

"Anything short of retiring Fleming to the graveyard, that is," Rand amended.
"That would do for a murder-motive, very nicely.... What were Fleming's
objections to the merger?"

"Mainly sentimental. Premix was his baby, or, at least, his kid brother. His
father started mixing pancake flour back before the First World War, and Lane
Fleming peddled it off a spring wagon. They worked up a nice little local
trade, and finally a state-wide wholesale business. They incorporated in the
early twenties, and then, after the old man died, Lane Fleming hired an
advertising agency to promote his products, and built up a national
distribution, and took on some sidelines. Then, during the late Mr.
Chamberlain's 'Peace in our time,' he picked up a refugee Czech chemist and
foods-expert named Anton Varcek, who whipped up a lot of new products. So
business got better and better, and they made more money to spend on
advertising to get more money to buy more advertising to make more money, like
Bill Nye's Puritans digging clams in the winter to get strength to hoe corn in
the summer to get strength to dig clams in the winter.

"So Premix became a sort of symbol of achievement to Fleming. Then, he was one
of these old-model paternalistic employers, and he was afraid that if he
relinquished control, a lot of his old retainers would be turned out to grass.
And finally, he was opposed in principle to concentration of business
ownership. He claimed it made business more vulnerable to government control
and eventual socialization."

"I'm not sure he didn't have something there," Rand considered. "We get all
our corporate eggs in a few baskets, and they're that much easier for the
planned-economy boys to grab.... Just who, on the Premix side, was in favor of
this merger?"

"Just about everybody but Fleming," Tipton replied. "His two sons-in-law, Fred
Dunmore and Varcek, who are first and second vice presidents. Humphrey Goode,
the company attorney, who doubles as board chairman. All the directors. All
the New York banking crowd who are interested in Premix. And all the two-share
tinymites. I don't know who inherits Fleming's voting interest, but I can find
out for you by this time tomorrow."

"Do that, Tip, and bill me for what you think finding out is worth," Rand
said. "It'll be a novel reversal of order for you to be billing me for an
investigation.... Now, how about the family, as distinct from the company?"

"Well, there's your client, Gladys Fleming. She married Lane Fleming about ten
years ago, when she was twenty-five and he was fifty-five. In spite of the age
difference, I understand it was a fairly happy marriage. Then, there are two
daughters by a previous marriage, Nelda Dunmore and Geraldine Varcek, and
their respective husbands. They all live together, in a big house at Rosemont.
In the company, Dunmore is Sales, and Varcek is Production. They each have a
corner of the mantle of Lane Fleming in one hand and a dirk in the other.
Nelda and Geraldine hate each other like Greeks and Trojans. Nelda is the
nymphomaniac sister, and Geraldine is the dipsomaniac. From time to time,
temporary alliances get formed, mainly against Gladys; all of them resent the
way she married herself into a third-interest in the estate. You're going to
have yourself a nice, pleasant little stay in the country."

"I'm looking forward to it." Rand grimaced. "You mentioned suicide rumors.
Such as, and who's been spreading them?"

"Oh, they are the usual bodyless voices that float about," Tipton told him.
"Emanating, I suspect, from sources interested in shaking out the less
sophisticated small shareholders before the merger. The story is always
approximately the same: That Lane Fleming saw his company drifting reefward,
was unwilling to survive the shipwreck, and performed _seppuku_. The family
are supposed to have faked up the accident afterward. I dismiss the whole
thing as a rather less than subtle bit of market-manipulation chicanery."

"Or a smoke screen, to cover the defects in camouflaging a murder as an
accident," Rand added.

Tipton nodded. "That could be so, too," he agreed. "Say somebody dislikes the
looks of that accident, and starts investigating. Then he runs into all this
miasma of suicide rumors, and promptly shrugs the whole thing off. Fleming
killed himself, and the family made a few alterations and are passing it off
as an accident. The families of suicides have been known to do that."

"Yes. Regular defense-in-depth system; if the accident line is penetrated, the
suicide line is back of it," Rand said. "Well, in the last few years, we've
seen defenses in depth penetrated with monotonous regularity. I've jeeped
through a couple, myself, to interrogate the surviving ex-defenders. It's all
in having the guns and armor to smash through with."

The above text was taken from
[_Murder in the Gunroom_](https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/17866) by H. Beam
Piper. Published in 1953 and now in the public domain.

## Links & Lists

-   [Example dot Com](http://example.com)
-   [DocWhat dot Org](https://docwhat.org)
-   More text with bullets
    -   A sub-list
    -   Red fish and green fish
        -   A sub-sub-list
        -   With more items
    -   Back to sublist
-   Top level list

...and the same thing in an ordered list...

1.  [Example dot Com](http://example.com)
2.  [DocWhat dot Org](https://docwhat.org)
3.  More text with bullets
    1.  A sub-list
    2.  Red fish and green fish <!-- -->
        1.  A sub-sub-list
        2.  With more items
    3.  Back to sublist
4.  Top level list

A block quote:

> Someone quoted:
>
> > This is a block quote with "quotes" and apostrophes. e.g., Harry's book.
> > <cite>Christian Höltje</cite>

A second block quote:

> It is known that there are an infinite number of worlds, simply because
> there is an infinite amount of space for them to be in. However, not every
> one of them is inhabited. Therefore, there must be a finite number of
> inhabited worlds. Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to
> nothing as makes no odds, so the average population of all the planets in
> the Universe can be said to be zero. From this it follows that the
> population of the whole Universe is also zero, and that any people you may
> meet from time to time are merely the products of a deranged imagination.
>
> <cite>Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"</cite>

## Tables

| Left-aligned | Center-aligned | Right-aligned |
| :----------- | :------------: | ------------: |
| git status   |   git status   |    git status |
| git diff     |    git diff    |      git diff |
| git diff     |    git diff    |      git diff |
| git status   |   git status   |    git status |

| Command      | Description                                        |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `git status` | List all _new or modified_ files                   |
| `git diff`   | Show file differences that **haven't been** staged |
| `git diff`   | Show file differences that **haven't been** staged |
| `git status` | List all _new or modified_ files                   |

## Components

### A Gist

<Gist id=2973488 file=example1.vim></Gist>
